---
published: true
title: "Choosing the Right Website Builder: Comparing Wix.com, Jimdo, and Other Top Platforms"
layout: post
---

When it comes to creating a website, choosing the right platform can
make all the difference. In this article, we’ll take a closer look at
two popular website builder platforms - [Wix.com](https://www.wix.com/)
and [Jimdo](https://www.jimdo.com/) - and explore some of the factors
you should consider when choosing between them.

Wix.com and Jimdo are both website builder platforms that allow users to
create their own websites without programming knowledge. This is
achieved through a drag-and-drop interface that allows users to easily
add text, images, videos, and other elements to their site.

One of the key differences between Wix.com and Jimdo is the range of
features and customisation options that are available. Wix.com offers a
wide variety of templates and widgets that allow users to create a range
of different types of websites, from simple blogs to fully-functional
e-commerce sites. Wix.com also has a large app marketplace where users
can find additional tools and features to enhance their site.

In contrast, Jimdo is more focused on simplicity and ease of use. While
it doesn’t offer as many templates or widgets as Wix.com, it does offer
a range of design options that are easy to customise. This makes it a
good choice for beginners or those who want to create a simple website
quickly.

Another factor to consider when choosing between Wix.com and Jimdo is
the pricing. Both platforms offer free plans that allow users to create
a basic website with a subdomain. However, if you want to use your own
domain or access additional features, you’ll need to upgrade to a paid
plan. Wix.com’s paid plans start at around $13 per month, while Jimdo’s
start at around $9 per month.

If you don’t want to register your own domain, both Wix.com and Jimdo
give you the option of using a free subdomain. However, if you choose
this option, your website will appear as a subdomain of Wix.com or
Jimdo. If you want to avoid this, you can choose a paid plan to register
your own domain. Alternatively, you can buy a domain from a third-party
provider and link it to your Wix or Jimdo account.

In terms of support, both Wix.com and Jimdo offer a range of resources
to help users get started with their website. This includes online
tutorials, community forums, and dedicated support teams. However, the
level of support you receive may vary depending on the plan you choose.

Overall, the choice between Wix.com and Jimdo will depend on your
specific needs and requirements. If you’re looking for a platform with a
wide range of features and customisation options, Wix.com may be the
better choice. However, if you want a simple and easy-to-use platform,
Jimdo may be more suitable.

In addition to Wix.com and Jimdo, there are several other website
builder platforms that compete in the same space. Some of the most
popular include:

-   [Squarespace](https://www.squarespace.com): Squarespace is a
    platform that offers a range of templates and features for creating
    websites, e-commerce stores, and blogs. Like Wix.com, it has a
    drag-and-drop interface that is easy to use, and offers a variety of
    pricing plans.
-   [Weebly](https://www.weebly.com/): Weebly is a platform that allows
    users to create websites and online stores. It has a simple
    drag-and-drop editor and offers a variety of templates and features.
    Weebly is owned by Square, a financial services company, which may
    make it a good choice for those who want to integrate payment
    processing and other financial tools into their website.
-   [WordPress.com](https://wordpress.com/): WordPress.com is a website
    builder platform that offers a range of features for creating blogs
    and websites. It has a large community of developers who create
    plugins and themes, which can be used to customise the appearance
    and functionality of your site.
-   [Shopify](https://www.shopify.com/): Shopify is a platform that is
    specifically designed for creating online stores. It offers a range
    of features for managing inventory, processing payments, and
    handling shipping, and has a variety of pricing plans to suit
    different needs.

When choosing between these platforms, it’s important to consider the
specific features and pricing plans that are offered. Some platforms may
be better suited for certain types of websites, such as e-commerce
stores or blogs. Additionally, the level of support and ease of use may
vary between platforms, so it’s important to do your research and choose
a platform that meets your needs.
